README.md, before:

CheckList :

- Done :

  Create Character class with associated method
  Unit testing on Character class


- To Do :

Create Warrior Thief and Mage sub class of Character with override of specific method from Character
Unit testing on the three classes

Create Monster sub class of Character
Unit testing on the class

Test combat player against monster
Unit testing on combat if needed

Add different monster type, subclass of monster (and subclass of different type?)
Unit testing (yes i know, its a reccuring theme)

Add user_interface to do combat with console interaction
Unit testing on user_interface

Add encounter of Coach and Medic
Unit testing on both cases

Add Game class and end of game when 15 fights are done.
Unit testing

Boss monster, subtype of a type of monster(?)
Unit testing, appears on last fight of the game

Save by serializing object in a file
Retrieve object and run a game with retrieved game
Tests

=> Enjoy project assign being finished

=> want more?
- Add equipement : starting equipement, monster reward equipement (or special encouter aka treasure), change equipement?
- Add techniques for each player type, same for monster type (can reuse technique from player at first), possible to aquire more technique with level or encounter
- Add energy to manage techniques usage
- Consummable : health potion, energy potion, buff potion, ...
- Gold drop to buy, sell, ...
- Bonefire mechanics (start with a campfire kit consummable to have various option between encounter => rest to regain energy and health, use some techniques for free or next combat(s), ... )
- Possible to change difficulty of a game, and more option for the game : loop, special modifier, ...

Commit message:

README updated, three hero classes done with unit testing, hero class created with interface for reward method

README.md, after:

CheckList :

- Done :

  Create Character class with associated method
  Unit testing on Character class

Create Warrior Thief and Mage sub class of Hero (implements interface for reward method and is subclass of Character) with override of specific method from Character
Unit testing on the three classes

- To Do :

Create Monster sub class of Character
Unit testing on the class

Test combat player against monster
Unit testing on combat if needed

Add different monster type, subclass of monster (and subclass of different type?)
Unit testing (yes i know, its a reccuring theme)

Add user_interface to do combat with console interaction
Unit testing on user_interface

Add encounter of Coach and Medic
Unit testing on both cases

Add Game class and end of game when 15 fights are done.
Unit testing

Boss monster, subtype of a type of monster(?)
Unit testing, appears on last fight of the game

Save by serializing object in a file
Retrieve object and run a game with retrieved game
Tests

=> Enjoy project assign being finished

=> want more?
- Add equipement : starting equipement, monster reward equipement (or special encouter aka treasure), change equipement?
- Add techniques for each player type, same for monster type (can reuse technique from player at first), possible to aquire more technique with level or encounter
- Add energy to manage techniques usage
- Consummable : health potion, energy potion, buff potion, ...
- Gold drop to buy, sell, ...
- Bonefire mechanics (start with a campfire kit consummable to have various option between encounter => rest to regain energy and health, use some techniques for free or next combat(s), ... )
- Possible to change difficulty of a game, and more option for the game : loop, special modifier, ...
